# Fruit

##
Once there was a family who had a
tree with such sweet fruit that
everyone visited their compound to
taste the fruit.
The family also had a very beautiful
daughter. Many people admired her
dazzling beauty, white eyes and
above all, her great personality.

##
When she grew up into a young
woman, young and old men flocked
to her home seeking her hand in
marriage.
Her parents decided that the man
who could sit in the compound the
whole day without eating any fruit
would be given her hand in
marriage.

##
The news spread all over the
village.
The first man to come was the head
of all farmers in the village. He was
handsome, rich and young. He was
welcomed and served the fruit.
He sat for a few minutes, but before
long, he ate the fruit and was sent
away.

##
The leader of animal keepers was
next. He was handsome, young and
rich. The girl admired him. But
when he was served with the fruit,
he immediately ate it, and was sent
away.

##
The next man to come had many
pieces of land. He was arrogant and
ugly. The girl prayed that he would
eat and go away.
When served, he refused to eat.
The time passed, and the girl
started begging him to eat. By
around four o'clock, he was
overcome with hunger, and he ate.
He, too, was sent away.

##
Next, the chief came around. He
was arrogant, old, and ugly. No one
liked him in the village. The girl
wished that he would eat and go
away.
When he was served with the fruit,
he refused to eat. He stayed the
whole day. At about six o'clock, he
asked if he could go to the toilet.

##
He was allowed to go.
When he returned, the aroma of the fruit hung around him, and his
lips were red! He had eaten the fruit in the toilet!
To the girl's relief, he was sent away.

##
A few days later, a young,
handsome, rich prince arrived. The
girl looked at him in admiration.
She took him aside, and begged
him not to eat the fruit. She served
him much less fruit than the other
suitors.
But by midday the prince had
already eaten and was sent away.
The girl burst into tears of anger
and disappointment.

##
The next day, a farmer came
around. He was poor and lazy, but
he was young and popular among
many people for being a great
talker. He came determined to win.
The girl served him many fruits and
asked him to eat and go away.

##
When he was served, he refused to eat. The girl waited painfully.
Midday passed, and then two o'clock. At four o'clock, the farmer
asked for water.
The girl prayed that he would eat the fruit, but she was still
praying when the clock turned to seven. This farmer had overcome
the test of endurance set by the parents!

##
Her parents had to hand over their
daughter to the “lazy one”.
The girl begged to be saved from
her fate, but her parents could do
nothing.
As the farmer took her home, he
sang such a beautiful song while
clapping his hands. Many people
flocked to the road to see the
couple.

##
Among the people were servants of
the rich prince. They called the
farmer aside, and offered him
money and cattle if he would leave
the girl.
Without a moment's hesitation, he
took the money and the cattle, and
walked off.

##
The servants dressed the girl in fine
clothes and took her to the palace,
straight to the prince.
Before long, her parents were called
and a ceremony was organised to
join the two in marriage.

##
* License: [CC-BY]
* Text: Shakira Bodio
* Illustration: Wiehan de Jager
* Language: English
